# S5 — SEC.gov | Accessing EDGAR Data
- url: https://www.sec.gov/search-filings/edgar-search-assistance/accessing-edgar-data
- backend: claude · fetched: 2026-07-13T10:08:02.933Z · trust: 0.95 · score: 0.0164
##
More in this Section
#
Accessing EDGAR Data
##
March 23, 2021
## Overview
All companies, foreign and domestic, are required to file registration statements, periodic reports, and other forms electronically through the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) system. Anyone can access and download this information for free or query it through a variety of EDGAR public searches .
## Fair access
Current max request rate: 10 requests/second.
To ensure everyone has equitable access to SEC EDGAR content, please use efficient scripting. Download only what you need and please moderate requests to minimize server load.
SEC reserves the right to limit request rates to preserve fair access for all users. See our Internet Security Policy for our current rate request limit .
The SEC does not allow botnets or automated tools to crawl the site. Any request that has been identified as part of a botnet or an automated tool outside of the acceptable policy will be managed to ensure fair access for all users.
Please declare your user agent in request headers:
Sample Declared Bot Request Headers:
User-Agent:
Sample Company Name AdminContact@<sample company domain>.com
Accept-Encoding:
gzip, deflate
Host:
www.sec.gov
We do not offer technical support for developing or debugging scripted processes.
## How far back does EDGAR data go?
EDGAR started in 1994/1995 . Paper copies of filing documents prior to 1994 may be available by filing a Freedom of Information Act request. See How To Access Or Request Records Not Accessible Via SEC Website .
## Business hours and dissemination
EDGAR accepts new filer applications, new filings, and changes to filer data each business day, Monday through Friday, from 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m., ET. Indexes incorporating the current business day's filings are updated nightly starting about 10:00 p.m., ET; the process is usually completed within a few hours. Some filing submissions that begin after 5:30 p.m. ET—or 10:00 p.m. for Ownership forms 3, 4, 5—will be disseminated the next business day, showing up in the following business day's index.
Some filings are still submitted in paper and are not accessible through EDGAR. PDF scans of some of these filings are accessible through the Virtual Private Reference Room (VPRR) , described in more detail below.
## Post-acceptance corrections and deletions
Filings are sometimes authorized by SEC staff for removal or correction for a variety of reasons at the filer's request including, but not limited to, the document was submitted for the wrong filer, the document was a duplicate of a previously filed document, the document in its current form was unreadable, or the document contained sensitive information. Corrections processed during a given business day will be incorporated in the indexes built that evening. However, removals processed on subsequent business days will not be reflected in any previous daily, feed, or oldload index. The full and quarterly index files are rebuilt weekly, early on Saturday mornings, so that any post-acceptance correction (PAC) deletes or updates are incorporated.
## Data APIs
Submissions by company and extracted XBRL data are available via RESTful APIs on data.sec.gov , offering JSON formatted data.
## Using the EDGAR index files
Indexes to all public filings are available from 1994Q3 through the present and located in the following browsable directories:
/Archives/edgar/daily-index — daily index files through the current year;
/Archives/edgar/full-index — full indexes offer a "bridge" between quarterly and daily indexes, compiling filings from the beginning of the current quarter through the previous business day. At the end of the quarter, the full index is rolled into a static quarterly index.
Each directory and all child subdirectories contain three files to assist in automated crawling of these directories. Note that these are not visible through directory browsing.
index.html (the web browser would normally receive these)
index.xml (an XML structured version of the same content)
index.json (a JSON structured vision of the same content)
The EDGAR indexes list the following information for each filing:
company name
form type
central index key (CIK)
date filed
file name (including folder path)
Four types of indexes are available:
company — sorted by company name
form — sorted by form type
master — sorted by CIK number
XBRL — list of submissions containing XBRL financial files, sorted by CIK number; these include Voluntary Filer Program submissions
The company, form, and master indexes contain the same information sorted differently.
## CIK
EDGAR assigns to filers a unique numerical identifier, known as a Central Index Key (CIK), when they sign up to make filings to the SEC. CIK numbers remain unique to the filer; they are not recycled.
Current list of all CIKs matched with entity name (13 MB, text file). Note that this list includes funds and individuals and is historically cumulative for company names. Thus a given CIK may be associated with multiple names in the case of company or fund name changes, and the list contains some entities that no longer file with the SEC.
## Feed and oldloads directories
/Archives/edgar/Feed/ — tar and gzip archive files (e.g., 20061207.nc.tar.gz) for each filing day.
/Archives/edgar/Oldloads/ — daily concatenated archive files of all public filing submissions complete with the filing header.
Each feed and oldloads directory and all child subdirectories contain three files to assist in automated crawling of these directories:
index.html (the web browser would normally receive these)
index.xml (a XML structured version of the same content)
index.json (a JSON structured vision of the same content)
See EDGAR Public Dissemination Service (PDS) Technical Specification for details on type of disseminations and SGML header structure.
## Paths and directory structure
The index paths link to the raw text version of the complete disseminated filing content, for example:
/Archives/edgar/data/1122304/0001193125-15-118890.txt
Post-EDGAR 7.0 filings (after May 26, 2000) are also accessible via an alternative symbolic path, incorporating an intermediate accession-number directory without dashes. All the documents submitted for a given filing will be in this directory:
/Archives/edgar/data/1122304/000119312515118890/0001193125-15-118890.txt
Other content that may be of interest using the root path:
/Archives/edgar/data/1122304/0001193125-15-118890-index.html — an HTML version including hyperlinked table of submitted documents.
/Archives/edgar/data/1122304/000119312515118890/0001193125-15-118890.hdr.sgml —
the SGML header contents. Note the additional "accession-number-without-dashes" directory in the path.
Accession number: In the example above, 0001193125-15-118890 is the accession number, a unique identifier assigned automatically to an accepted submission by EDGAR. The first set of numbers (0001193125) is the CIK of the entity submitting the filing. This could be the company or a third-party filer agent. Some filer agents without a regulatory requirement to make disclosure filings with the SEC have a CIK but no searchable presence in the public EDGAR database. The next two numbers (15) represent the year. The last series of numbers represent a sequential count of submitted filings from that CIK. The count is usually, but not always, reset to zero at the start of each calendar year.
## Directory browsing
Directory browsing is allowed for CIK and accession-number directories. For example:
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/51143/
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/51143/000104746917001061/
Note that the /Archives/edgar/data/ directory is not browsable.
Each CIK directory and all child subdirectories contain three files to assist in automated crawling of these directories. These are not visible through directory browsing.
index.html (the web browser would normally receive these)

… [truncated]
