# S59 — Data in WebGL
- url: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGL_API/Data
- backend: standards · fetched: 2026-07-13T10:08:02.933Z · trust: 0.9 · score: 0.0132
# Data in WebGL
Shader programs have access to three kinds of data storage, each of which has a specific use case. Each kind of variable is accessible by one or both types of shader program (depending on the data store type) and possibly by the site's JavaScript code, depending on the specific type of variable.
## GLSL data types
See Data Types in the GLSL documentation.
## GLSL variables
There are three kinds of "variable" or data storage available in GLSL, each of which with its own purpose and use cases: attributes , varyings , and uniforms .
### Attributes
Attributes are GLSL variables which are only available to the vertex shader (as variables) and the JavaScript code. Attributes are typically used to store color information, texture coordinates, and any other data calculated or retrieved that needs to be shared between the JavaScript code and the vertex shader.
js
// init colors
const vertexColors = [
vec4(0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0), // black
vec4(1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0), // red
vec4(1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0), // yellow
vec4(0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0), // green
vec4(0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0), // black
vec4(1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0), // red
vec4(1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0), // yellow
vec4(0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0), // green
];
const cBuffer = gl.createBuffer();
js
// continued
// create buffer to store colors and reference it to "vColor" which is in GLSL
gl.bindBuffer(gl.ARRAY_BUFFER, cBuffer);
gl.bufferData(gl.ARRAY_BUFFER, flatten(vertexColors), gl.STATIC_DRAW);
const vColor = gl.getAttribLocation(program, "vColor");
gl.vertexAttribPointer(vColor, 4, gl.FLOAT, false, 0, 0);
gl.enableVertexAttribArray(vColor);
glsl
attribute vec4 vColor;
void main()
{
fColor = vColor;
}
### Varyings
Varyings are variables that are declared by the vertex shader and used to pass data from the vertex shader to the fragment shader. This is commonly used to share a vertex's normal vector after it has been computed by the vertex shader.
<<how to use>>
### Uniforms
Uniforms are set by the JavaScript code and are available to both the vertex and fragment shaders. They're used to provide values that will be the same for everything drawn in the frame, such as lighting positions and magnitudes, global transformation and perspective details, and so forth.
<<add details>>
## Buffers
<<add information>>
## Textures
<<add information>>
##
Help improve MDN
Yes
No
Learn how to contribute
This page was last modified on Oct 7, 2025 by MDN contributors .
View this page on GitHub • Report a problem with this content
