# S69 — An Introduction to Stooq Pricing Data | QuantStart
- url: https://www.quantstart.com/articles/an-introduction-to-stooq-pricing-data/
- backend: claude · fetched: 2026-07-13T10:08:02.933Z · trust: 0.5 · score: 0.0116
In the previous article we learnt how to setup a prototyping environment for algorithmic trading using Jupyter Notebooks. We used Yahoo data with Pandas DataReader. In this article we will be looking at another free market data provider Stooq .
If you would like to follow along with the tutorial and do not have the protoyping environment set up you will need:
Jupyter v1.0
Pandas v1.4
Pandas-DataReader v0.10
Historic daily data from the U.S region provided by Stooq
Stooq is a Polish website that has been partly translated into English. At the time of writing Stooq offer OHLCV data on 21,332 Global securities and ETFs, 1980 currency pairs and 132 crytpocurrencies. They also offer data on global indicies, commodites and bonds. Much like Yahoo, all the data on offer is accessed through a web interface and the OHLCV data can be download in CSV format. There is no API for Stooq. For stocks listed on US exchanges it is also possible to obtain some fundamentals such as price earnings and market value, although there are no historic downloads available for these. You can search for a ticker and download all current data relating to it via the symbol page or you can access current and historic data here .
##### A Note on Ticker Nomenclature
You can find or confirm a stock ticker by using the search bar provided at the top of the page. Here are a few of the most common changes to nomenclature:
Indices are prefixed by ^ e.g. ^DJI (Dow Jones Industrial), ^UK100 (FTSE100)
US stocks are suffixed by .US e.g. AAPL.US, MSFT.US, TSLA.US
Cryptocurrencies are suffixed by .V e.g. BTC.V (BitCoin)
UK stocks are suffixed by .UK e.g. AV.UK (Aviva)
Price/Earnings are suffixed by _PE.US e.g. AAPL_PE.US
## Stooq Historic Data
Stooq offer historic daily, hourly, and minutely data on indicies, ETFs, stocks, bonds, forex and cryptocurrencies. In order to obtain the data you need to download by region and then by frequency. ETFs and Stocks are downloaded by specific region, whilst cyrptocurrencies, forex, indicies and bonds data are available within the region named world . Once you have selected your preferred data set by clicking on the links in the ASCII column you need to complete the CAPTCHA and confirm your download. You will receive a zip file containing the information for your selected time frequency. For this tutorial we will be using the daily data from the U.S region.
Stooq historic download page
Once unzipped the file size will vary depending on your region and frequency. Daily historic data for some US stocks can go back more than 30 years and the unzipped file takes up more the 1.4Gb of space so be sure to have enough storage space available. Hourly data provides up to the last 1400 data points available which equates to roughly 9 months depending on the security while the 5 minutely data provides upto the last 2000 data points for a security and equates to approximately 1 month.
Stooq sub-divide the data from each region to the exchange level then they split stocks and ETFs. For exchanges with a high volume of stocks the files are further sub-divided to allow a maximum of 2000 stocks per directory. This makes accessing the information more challenging, however the Stooq website provides information on the preffered directory structure for the download as shown in the figure below.
Stooq directory structure
Using the prototyping environment we set up with Jupyter notebooks in the previous article we will look at how to obtain data from a single stock and also for a list of stocks. To follow along with this tutorial you will need Jupyter notebooks, running Python 3.6 or greater, we will be using Pandas and Pandas DataReader.
### Accessing a single stock
Once you have downloaded and unzipped the file from Stooq you will need to open Jupyter notebook. As discussed in the last article you will need to do this from your base anaconda environment. We previously installed and configured Ipykernel so you will be able to access the correct kernel for you virtual envronment directly through Jupyter. Create a new notebook and select the required kernel, if you are following along with the article series this will be called py3.8.
Creating a new Jupyter Notebook with previously created kernel
We will begin by adding our imports, to begin with all we need to import is Pandas
import pandas as pd
It is a good idea at this point to familiarise yourself with the location of your downloaded data. You will need to input the path to the directory into Pandas. The Pandas read_csv() is an incredibly versitile function. It allows you to read .csv and .txt files directly into a DataFrame for further analysis. You can define a lot of the structure of your DataFrame within this function. You can select a row for column headers and a column to use as the index. You can skiprows or footers, limit the number of rows to be read, you can also infer datetimes. There is even the option to pass a dictionary of column names with values that are functions to apply to the columns. More information can be found here .
To begin with we will simply read the data into a DataFrame and do our post processing after the fact. In this case we will look at the data provided for AAPL. This should be located under the path .../data/daily/us/nasdaq stocks/1/aapl.us.txt . Once you have located the file all you need to do is pass it to read_csv() . Calling the Pandas method head() will allow you to view the DataFrame.
stooq_aapl = pd.read_csv("path/to/your/download/data/daily/us/nasdaq stocks/1/aapl.us.txt")
stooq_aapl.head()
Stooq data for single stock
We now have our OHLCV data as a DataFrame but we need to do some work to get it into a useable state. If we call stooq_aapl.dtypes we can see the datatype of each of our columns. You will notice that our date is stored as an integer. In order for us to do any time series analysis this should be converted to a datetime object. To convert it we can use pd.to_datetime() . However, this method takes a string as an input so we first need to cast the integer to a string using the method astype() . We can then use strftime formatting to create the datetime object. Now we can use the date column as our index. We also have a few columns that we don't need and the column labels or headers could be more readable. The following code will make the neccessary changes.
# First we drop the unwanted columns
stooq_aapl = stooq_aapl.drop([' ', ' ', ' ', ' '], axis=1)
# We relabel the column headers
stooq_aapl.columns = ["date","open", "high", "low", "close", "volume"]
# convert the date integer to a datetime object
stooq_aapl["date"] = pd.to_datetime(stooq_aapl['date'].astype(str), format = '%Y%m%d')
# set the date column as the index
stooq_aapl = stooq_aapl.set_index('date')
Our final DataFrame looks as follows and is ready for further analysis.
Stooq data for single stock
##### A Note on Close Price
It should be noted that the close price provided by Stooq is actually the adjusted close price . This can be seen by plotting the close price over a period of time which includes a stock split. In the case of Apple there was a 4-for-1 stock split on August 28th 2020. When this occurs the close price can be seen to drop dramatically overnight causing an almost vertical straight line to appear on the time series chart.
stooq_aapl.plot(y="close")
In the figure below you can see that there are no large drops around this time. This indicates that the close price has indeed been adjusted. One of the issues of relying on free data sources can often be determining whether adjustments have been made to the close price and how they have been carried out.
Stooq AAPL historic close price data.
### Creating a Top Ten S&P500 Close Price DataFrame

… [truncated]
