# S80 — Download free market data from Stooq.com
- url: https://www.chartoasis.com/free-data-download-stooq-help-cop3/
- backend: claude · fetched: 2026-07-13T10:08:02.933Z · trust: 0.5 · score: 0.0102
Uncategorized
# Download free market data from Stooq.com
Stooq.com is a Polish site with some parts translated to English. You can download market data for Polish, Japanese, Hungarian, German and USA stocks.
## Alternatives for finding a stock on Stooq.com
Direct link is a link within Chartoasis.com that points directly at a free market data provider's subpage of a stock where you can start downloading market data.
You can find direct link to a stock in the table below or on a country's stock data download page.
If you have a direct link to the Stooq.com page of the stock you are looking for, open it in a separate browser window then proceed with the " Download historical data " section.
If you haven't found the wanted stock's direct link you can search for it by name as described in the " Searching for stocks on Stooq.com by name " section.
Or you may search by category as described in the " Searching for securities on Stooq.com by category " section.
Full name
Category
Ticker
SONY CORP.
Japanese stock
6758.JP
Bayerische Motoren Werke St.
German stock
BMW.DE
TVN SA
Polish stock
TVN
Getin Holding SA
Polish stock
GTN
Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci Bank Polski SA
Polish stock
PKO
Polski Koncern Naftowy Orlen SA
Polish stock
PKN
Telekomunikacja Polska SA
Polish stock
TPS
Gold Future
Commodity
GC.F
Light Crude Oil Future
Commodity
CL.F
EUR/USD
Forex
EURUSD
USD/CHF
Forex
USDCHF
MOL
Hungarian stock
MOL.HU
MTELEKOM
Hungarian stock
MTELE-
KOM.HU
OTP
Hungarian stock
OTP.HU
RABA
Hungarian stock
RABA.HU
RICHTER
Hungarian stock
RICH-
TER.HU
SYNERGON
Hungarian stock
SYNER-
GON.HU
ZWACK
Hungarian stock
ZWACK.HU
## Searching for securities on Stooq.com by category
Below table contains links pointing at categories on Stooq.com.
Category
Link
Commodities
Download link for Commodities
Forex
Download link for Forex
USA stocks
Download link for USA stocks
German stocks
Download link for German stocks
Japanese stocks
Download link for Japanese stocks
Polish stocks
Download link for Polish stocks
Hungarian stocks
Download link for Hungarian stocks
When searching for a security on Stooq.com by category do the following:
Select the appropriate category's link and open it in a separate browser window.
Within the category:
The column "Pelna nazwa" contains the detailed names of the securities. You can find the wanted securities by this name (you may have turn some pages using the numbered links). When the securities is found, click the link in the "Symbol" column then proceed with " Download historical data " section. If the wanted security is not found try searching for it by the name of the stock .
## Searching for equity on Stooq.com by equity name
Another way to find the the wanted equity is using Stooq.com's built-in search box.
Visit http://stooq.com/ .
Enter (at least a part of) the name of the equity into the searchbox on the top of the page. If the name of the wanted equity pops up (like MCDONALDS CORP in the example), click on it or click "Kwotuj". Otherwise click "Kwotuj" to attempt searching for the equity.
If you have entered (at least a part of) the name or ticker of an equity supported by Stooq.com your browser will jump to the equity's page. If the name is ambiguous or mispelled (or it is not a supported equity) a page like below will pop up to resolve ambiguity by offering equities supported by Stooq.com having name similar to the name you just entered.
If you have found the page of the wanted equity proceed with " Download historical data " section.
If you have not found the wanted equity this way try again with a different part of the name or try searching for it by category or direct link .
## Download historical data
On the equity's page (see below) click "Dane historyczne" .
On the next page you can set up data to be downloaded.
"Start Date" and "End Date" tells the time interval to download. (When changing this please think of how many data points you need for the analysis. Some indicators may be inaccurate when using too few data.)
At "Interval" select ( Daily ) [weekly data is calculated by the chart software from the daily data, no need to download weekly resolution].
"dividends" under "Skip" tells whether to download the market price or prices corrected with dividends. (This function does not have an effect in every case.)
"splits" under "Skip" tells whether to download the market price or prices corrected with splits. (This function does not have an effect in every case.)
Click "Download data in .csv file" at the bottom of the page to download data in a ".csv" file.
Hint: if you save the page where you have just downloaded data from to the "Favourites" or "Bookmarks" you do not have to do all the searching process again but you can navigate to the page of the data download directly by recalling it from the "Favourites" or "Bookmarks".
